a. On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean

b. there have been 6 changes. I used git rev-list --all --count

c. Date:   Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500
git log .gitignore

d. branches in Git allow devs to work on the same project at the same time without interfering with other peoples work.
by using branches it eliminates the possiblity of someone overwriting another devs work or even overwriting their work.

e. git log states all changes that has been done in the repository aswell as who has made the changes and what time

git status only checks to see if the files are currently up to date with the files in the repository.

f. git log --follow Weapon.h

g. git log --all --grep='file'


h.
	Inheritance is when there is a 'sub-class' from an already existing class
	So there would be a main class called Student and a sub-class called sophomore.
	the class Sophomore would inheret everything from Student since it is a subclass of student.
	This makes it such that code doesnt have to be copy and pasted into each Class and can put it all in one
	place.
	
	Polymorphism:  Pretty much objects will share the same ideology, but then branch off from this ideology to implement.
	their own unique ways. An example would be how a basketball, baseball, and football are all balls, but one would not
	throw each of them the same way. if one were to grab them from a bin, you would throw each one differently 
	
	Encapsulation: Is grouping data with the functions/methods that will manipulate the data. The main use for encapsulation
	is to hide the data that is being using within a class and hiding how it is implemented.. This allows a developer to changes
	the structure of a class, but most importantly not affect any code that relies on the class being changed
	
i. The main difference betweent he two is how the merging is managed. In the Dictator and Lieutenant method,
Only the Dictator can push and commit to the master repository. Developers push to their respective Lieutenant
repositories, then the Lieutenant will merge what has been pushed and then they will push the the Dictators 
repository. where the Dictator merges everything to then push to the central repository. Integration is practically
the same as the dictator and Lieutenant method, However, the 'Lieutenant' role is completely cut and Dictator role
is taken over by the Integration manager. then the manager will pull from the devs repositories and merge

j.By using the Dictator and Lieutenant method, this creates a heirarchy in which the software code which is being
developed is checked in steps. and everything will be merged in steps instead of having to pull from many different
repositories and merge them in one go. Centralized work flow would be extremely inefficient, as there would be no
order to who would be allowed to push into the main repository.

5. polymorphism, since all the weapons are technically weapons and call the hit() class, but each weapon does its 
own thing specifically.